yeah
we have intended to fish yet i
got a proficient the stack we've
got to start paying some bills
definitely brought here this is
gonna be scary about my little
kid we have the greenstick out
that's good for lines on it
one rods out if the kitchen sink
at a hook on it we grow that how
to WoW
ok
nice where to take it
what is going on throughout I
spoke and they just shut off of
warm out here and come down and
that that was just a bomb yeah I
thought the bullion
like you are going to pre-wet
get ready
oh my god we get out of here we
can write a tune I got a girl
back
color color right you're excited
to have this fish onboard the
conditions are getting fierce
out here we got to get in before
it's too late
we're not going to be able to
get in England you got it
97 inches and it was like a
500-pounder if we got good
quality in this fish and we get
a good price per pound that's a
ten-thousand-dollar tuna
what the hell first pitch of the
season first one dude we went to
help to catch this one let's see
what you got man 392 found let's
take a look at this fish species
work she looks like the best
fish I've ever caught in
Carolina how much in getting I'm
thinking in
maybe 20 dogs wow yeah Thank You
Man 20-pound stop
hell yeah let's do this I love
Carolina thank god are we gonna
get back out there bank you guys
there's nothing more motivating
than getting a good return on
your fish that means let's keep
doing it keep going because you
think you're hot Street when you
think you're hot
keep in touch come on Paul let's
show these southern boys I was
done